[opening theme music playing]
[foreboding music playing]
Bu-yeon.
Is this where you can see the energy
of the stone that shines?
[Bu-yeon] Father.
It is close.
That pretty stone lies
somewhere beneath the waters.
Do you think what she has found
is truly the ice stone?
It must be.
That little girl, who was born and blessed
with the mighty power of the ice stone,
seems to have found the ice stone
that my master sealed,
in Lake Gyeongcheondaeho.
I am certain that Bu-yeon
is of Jang Gang's bloodline.
He must have used sorcery
to save her since she is his.
Do you resent her?
It is because of that child
that the princess of the Jin family
who was out of my league
has decided to marry someone like me.
I should be grateful to her.
It is here.
The pretty stone is right below us.
[suspenseful music playing]
[Jin Mu] Jin Bu-yeon died
because of her father
who was blinded by his own
inferiority and jealousy.
It suits you well.
[Ho-gyeong chuckles]
If you like the eye mask,
then I like it too, Mother.
-[Ho-gyeong] Shall we try a different one?
-[Bu-yeon chuckles]
[Jin Mu]
Jin Bu-yeon's immense divine powers
did not only come from her mother
of the Jin family.
They also came from her father,
a descendant of the fallen Choi family.
[Shaman Choi grunts]
Shaman siblings, who barely made
a living through divinations
were of the bloodline of Choi,
the first mage to perform
the alchemy of souls
using the ice stone.
Jin Bu-yeon was a priestess
with incredible divine powers
who inherited the blood
of both those families.
You finally found it.
[Jin Mu] Bu-yeon.
Give the ice stone to me.
[loud rumbling]
Give it to me.
[U-tak] Bu-yeon.
Bu-yeon. Bu-yeon!
Bu-yeon.
[somber music playing]
[woman] Eat up, here.
Here, your spoon.
It's a pity that
you cannot see
or even remember your own name.
[woman] Hmm.
Would you like to live with me? Hmm?
My granddaughter who's been dead now
was called Mu-deok.
Would you like to be Mu-deok?
[woman] Mm. Mm-hmm.
I will call you Mu-deok, okay?
[laughs]
Gosh, what a good girl.
Go on, eat up, eat up. Yes.
[woman chuckles]
Mu-deok.
[epic music playing]
Oh, Mother…
[intense music playing]
[Ho-gyeong] Bu-yeon.
How is it that…
the same thing happened as the day
Jin Bu-yeon disappeared?
[Beom sighs]
Mu-deok still isn't back.
It looks like both she and Uk
have been killed by the soul shifter.
At this rate, we'll all die too.
Jin Bu-yeon.
Did you not bring the ice stone here
from Jinyowon with your own hands?
[Go Won] You're also a priestess.
Have you not any power to control it?
I only brought it here
because my mother ordered me to do so.
How pathetic you are.
[scoffs]
Young Master Seo has lost too much blood.
If we don't get him more blood energy,
he will die.
If he needs blood, I will give him mine.
We cannot cast spells in here,
so we cannot transfer energy.
[Jin Mu] Just give me your hand.
[suspenseful music playing]
[gasping]
[U-tak] This worm that has sucked
the blood of my daughter, Cho-yeon,
will grant you the energy
of the Jin family.
[Jin Mu] We have all been manipulated
by Jang Uk's lies.
The Unanimous Assembly
have viewed the Words of the Heart.
It is merely a poem that makes
no mention of the ice stone.
Songrim needs to explain this.
Everybody has read it,
but there is something else
they have missed.
[Jang Uk] The Words of the Heart
actually contains Master Seo Gyeong's
confession of love.
He left a confession?
It is a heartfelt love letter
to Jinyowon's first leader,
Jin Seol-ran.
It is a letter saying he left
an ice stone behind
because he could not let go
of his lover who was dying.
So Master Seo Gyeong
left behind the ice stone
because he could not let go of love?
He is just making all of this up.
I have proof that it is actually
a heartfelt love letter.
If you think of the name of the recipient,
you, too, can read the Words of the Heart
with no problem, Your Majesty.
I can read it even with…
my limited magical abilities?
Her name means
a blue orchid blooming in the cold snow,
Seol-ran, Your Highness.
"Seol-ran"?
[dramatic music playing]
[dramatic music continues playing]
[Jin] "The faint, blue light…"
Consumed by his grief over Seol-ran
as she was dying.
In the end,
Seo Gyeong calls himself a fool
who dared not shed…
a single tear.
It is a confession saying
he left the ice stone to save his lover.
[Ho-gyeong]
But Lady Jin Seol-ran passed away
soon after establishing Jinyowon,
from all those wounds that she sustained
during the Great Chaos.
If he had left the ice stone to save her,
why would she not have used it and died?
It was probably her choice
in order to prevent that dangerous power
from coming back out into the world.
What human being would be able
to refuse such a great power?
Of course, someone like you…
would never make such a selfless decision.
However, because she was human.
As a human being…
in order to protect
what must be protected,
one makes the choice
to give up everything.
Now that you've drawn your sword,
you must decide.
I know you've been avoiding it.
And I know that your decision
could kill all of us.
As we promised,
point your sword at me first.
[sighs]
[Mu-deok's soul] An overflowing spirit
is not something you can just discard
after you're done with it.
Just as you can't avoid floods
after wanting rain
or avoid typhoons if you want wind.
You must bear it.
Then, even if I take this power,
I cannot use it as I wish?
There is something
you could do as you wish.
To not use it.
The choice to not use that power
is up to you.
Make your next promise…
to me right now, Young Master.
[gentle music playing]
[Master Lee] In this world,
there is a very sad star
called the King's Star.
[girl] What is the King's Star?
[Master Lee]
It is a star that appears for someone
who is allowed to use the sky's energy.
It means your power
gets even stronger, right?
That's a really good thing.
I am not so sure.
I do not think it's that good.
You see, if you are given great power,
you also have to bear many things.
You mean, bear, like an animal?
It means doing things you don't wanna do.
It is a painful and lonesome star.
Mister, may we have some of those, please?
[Master Lee] Of course.
-I will leave these with you.
-Thank you very much, sir.
But be sure to take care
that you don't fight over it.
[girl] I will. Let's go.
[dramatic music playing]
[Master Lee] The star will soon appear.
And then, when it does,
those who must go will go
and those who must return will return.
This is the place that the Crown Prince
was trying to visit.
[Cho-yeon] The apothecary that Eunuch Kim,
who served the Queen,
visited once a month.
You know your way around, don't you?
Oh! Uh, did you get that Lovers' Charm
here in Gaema Village as well?
[scoffs]
Don't tease me over a charm
that was not even effective.
What do you mean, it wasn't effective?
We're here together now.
Ugh. I mean, it's not like we're here
on a romantic outing.
[chuckles]
[ominous music playing]
What… what is he doing here?
APOTHECARY
[gasps]
Father?
[coins clinking]
[suspenseful music playing]
It seems you have come back
to your senses.
[U-tak] I see you tried
to hurt yourself again, Your Highness.
Why are you keeping me alive?
Please just kill me already.
Not yet. Because while your body is alive,
your Lantern of Life
must not be extinguished.
[shudders]
Seeing my sister's eyes
glare at me like that
makes my heart ache unbearably.
If you need to blame someone,
blame the person who ruined…
the lives of me and my sister.
[Shaman Choi grunts]
Shaman Choi, you are accused
of cursing other people
through the use of forbidden divination.
Do you admit to your crimes?
[dark music playing]
All I have done is
accept my customers' money
and do as they asked.
The crime lies with those who asked me
to perform those curses.
Someone died from one of your curses.
Still, you insist that you're innocent?
For your divination
to take someone's life away,
you must have great divine powers.
Perhaps…
it could be great enough
to even kill a mage.
[snickers]
Find all of the spell books and tools
she used to perform.
-Right now!
-[mages] Yes.
[thrilling music playing]
[clicks tongue, scoffs]
No. Not that one.
It has been passed down
through my humble family for generations.
That has not been used for divination,
so please do not burn it. Please.
CHEONGANG
[Gang] It is a book of spells.
Ah. No…
Burn it.
[Shaman Choi yelps]
No.
[screaming]
CHEONGANG
Put out the flames. Hurry.
[mages] Yes.
CHEONGANG
THE ALCHEMY OF SOULS
"The alchemy of souls"?
[ominous music playing]
-[Shaman Choi groaning]
-[U-tak] Hold on.
[Shaman Choi choking]
[groaning]
The start of all of this,
my sister's face being burned,
and her soul
being shifted into your body,
it's all because of him.
Jang Gang.
Jang…
Gang.
[groans]
You must not die yet.
Please live on for a little longer…
in my sister's body,
Your Royal Highness.
[groaning]
It's been ten years
since I shifted to this body,
but I still suffer whenever
she regains her senses.
I would have killed her
if it weren't for that Lantern of Life.
Your brother has gone to medicate her,
so you will soon feel well again.
[breathes heavily]
But…
how did the ice stone
end up in Jeongjingak?
It was Jin Ho-gyeong's first time
handling it,
so she must have done it wrong.
When it's time,
I'll use the alchemy of souls
to take the ice stone's power.
If you take it now, everyone
in Jeongjingak will certainly die.
They probably will.
The Crown Prince is in there.
So what?
You must take it
only after the Crown Prince
has gotten out safely.
And if he cannot get out?
Do you intend to just leave it there?
What if somebody takes the power first
while we are still waiting?
Fortunately, no one can touch it
because they are all wary of each other.
We must first figure out a way
to rescue his Royal Highness.
[brooding music playing]
Oh, Mother.
[breathes deeply]
I must have misheard her.
Why would she call me that?
It makes no sense.
Everyone's…
greed for the ice stone is greater…
than their concern for the children
trapped in the barrier.
We, at least, should make an attempt
to break it.
If we try without the Unanimous Assembly,
they will only start fighting again.
The ice stone belongs to Jinyowon,
so you should stop trying
to make more decisions about it.
Lady Jin.
Has that ice stone
truly never left Jinyowon,
not even once in the past 200 years?
You said once that a Songrim mage
had entered Jinyowon.
Was that mage…
Jang Gang by any chance?
I am asking you…
if the ice stone has ever been
in Jang Gang's hands.
[shudders]
[tense music playing]
[gasps]
[Ho-gyeong]
The child inside me is not moving.
I have borne this child for 13 months.
I cannot lose it.
[sobbing]
I must save it.
I'm so sorry to hear that, Lady Jin,
but I can't save a child
that's already dead.
[gasps]
Within Jinyowon…
there is an ice stone.
An ice stone you said?
[Ho-gyeong] Why do you act so surprised
when you already suspected it?
You pestered me time after time
to let you into Jinyowon…
to search for the ice stone,
isn't that right?
I heard the ice stone
has the power to bring the souls
of the dead back to their bodies.
I don't have…
the power to control the ice stone.
Jang Gang.
But you might be able to do it.
Are you asking me to use sorcery?
I do not care if you use sorcery
if it will save my child. Please.
Please.
Help me keep this child. Will you?
[Ho-gyeong sobs]
[Ho-gyeong] That day, in order to revive
the child that had died in my womb,
I opened the doors of Jinyowon to him.
And as a result,
Jinyowon lost the ice stone.
If that is the case,
would it not be worse for Songrim?
Since it was a Songrim mage,
who was thought to be the most righteous,
that took the ice stone
and disturbed peace
by trying to shift souls.
That is why I also wanted to conceal it.
However,
in order to expose
and rectify the situation,
I will reveal Songrim's shameful affairs…
and cut them out.
[mysterious music playing]
To do that, you will have to cut off
what you treasure
like your own flesh and blood.
It will be very painful.
Yes, it will.
But if…
that is the way to rectify
this whole situation once and for all,
I will do what's necessary.
[Shaman Choi groans]
My sister who's possessing your body
will shift into the girl we brought in
as Jinyowon's eldest daughter.
Once that happens,
just as you wish, I will grant you death.
[groaning softly]
[tense music playing]
[gasps]
Cho-yeon.
What…
what are you doing here?
Father.
What…
on earth did I…
just hear?
Who is that person?
Is the real Queen…
the person who's inside that body?
[breathes deeply]
[grunts]
[gasps]
[Dang-gu grunts]
[grunts]
Father. You must not.
[tense music playing]
[grunting]
[coughs, exhales]
[exhales deeply]
[sighs deeply]
[ominous music playing]
Did you come…
back here, My lord?
Maidservant Kim.
It has been a long time.
Gwanju Jang Gang.
[ominous music playing]
[tense music playing]
It is the soul shifter.
[Beom] It looks like
Uk managed to kill him.
He was killed in one go.
How did he beat this man
when he cannot use spells?
[Go Won] Where have Uk and Mu-deok gone?
Find them.
Yes, Your Highness.
When we first entered this energy
of the ice stone, I had a vision.
It said that
no one can possess the ice stone.
One can only use it.
Because it's the energy of the sky.
Even with one's human energy,
if you cannot control it in your body,
it can never be yours.
Which human can control the energy
of the sky and possess it?
It is not mine, so I cannot use it
however I please.
That's what it means.
If I cannot possess it,
what if I gave it everything?
Give it everything?
If I gave all of my energy to the sky,
my energy would become that of the sky.
I read something about the ice stone
in one of Jeongjingak's secret books.
[Jang Uk] The ice stone has no fixed form,
so it can be water, fire, or wind.
Its size cannot be fathomed either,
so it can be very small or enormously big.
It means this mass fog
surrounding Jeongjingak like a barrier
is not the ice stone's true form.
In other words,
the ice stone could change into
water or fire or get bigger
or smaller than this.
Yes.
Then, do you think
you could make it fall as rain?
Rain?
You said I could not win
against the ice stone because…
I can barely create a drop of water.
But if that one drop of water
turn into hundreds, thousands of drops…
Then it would fall as rain.
It does not sound impossible.
But then, you would have to use Tansu,
-and if you do that--
-I would lose all of my energy.
That is why I said
that I'd have to give it everything.
You can't.
Let's think of another way.
If we hesitate, the Queen will take
the ice stone and its power,
then we'll all die.
With the Unanimous Assembly watching,
they won't be able to make a move easily.
Jang Uk, don't do this.
That's an order as your master.
I gave up on this power
because I have no choice,
I can't let you lose everything too.
We've been through so much to get here.
Me always pushing you to your death,
and you, building up your energy
as you overcame it each time.
You're going to throw all of that away
to make a drop of water?
Yul is badly wounded.
If we don't act, he will die.
[Jang Uk] Mu-deok.
You gave it up
because you tried to protect it.
I'm trying to do the same.
And Yul has also been protecting you
all this time.
[pensive music playing]
[ragged breathing]
[Yun-ok] If we don't get him
more blood energy, he will die.
[So-i] This worm has the blood energy
of the Jin family.
If I put this in him…
[So-i gasps]
[So-i groans]
[gasps]
[Seo Yul moans softly]
[So-i sobbing]
Please don't die, Young Master.
Do not die.
[breathing heavily]
[whimpers]
[Soul Ejector rumbles]
What are you thinking,
taking out the Soul Ejector here?
I cannot bear it any longer.
I must use the power of the Soul Ejector
and retrieve the ice stone immediately.
Have you gone mad?
You cannot use sorcery
with the Soul Ejector
when the Unanimous Assembly is here.
[scoffs]
Sorcery?
This Soul Ejector came from the ice stone,
but the ice stone is acceptable
while the Soul Ejector is evil.
What ridiculous logic.
That ridiculous logic is the world's order
and gives us justification.
We are going through this whole ordeal
so we can come out to the world
without the disgrace of being sorcerers.
Disgrace?
The Choi family's alchemy of souls
brought us here,
but you are calling that dirty?
I am just saying the alchemy of souls
is a spell
that has yet to receive recognition.
Why do we need the world's recognition?
When you obtained the ice stone
ten years ago at Lake Gyeongcheondaeho,
we could have used the sorcery
to return to the world
in the name of the Choi family.
But you had to make me the Queen
from the Seo family,
you had to form a secret organization
through Cheonbugwan, and now…
you are trying to reveal the ice stone
to the world through Jinyowon.
Was this not because it was impossible
to oppose the whole world as sorcerers?
Not because it was dangerous,
because it was dirty.
You didn't want to be branded a sorcerer,
and you wanted to show your power
and receive recognition out of respect.
[queen laughs]
Why are you so desperate for recognition?
Is it because you hate the fact
you were born a bastard son
of the Jin family,
never to receive recognition
as a member of their bloodline
and spent your life wandering around here
like a dirty dog?
[dark music playing]
[scoffs]
It seems that the honor of being Queen
is too much for a shaman
who used to beg on the street,
offering cheap divinations?
[scoffs]
If you are having a hard time,
I shall bring you some human souls
to consume… and regain your strength.
[scoffs]
[dark music playing]
[breathes shakily]
[Jin] Have you truly found
the real Queen's soul?
And have you brought
that person to Songrim?
[Dang-gu] Yes.
Young Lady Jin is there as we speak.
Bring them to the Training Center.
I'll reveal it in front of everyone.
You cannot do that, My Lord.
You must reveal it
to only the royal family and Jinyowon.
Is the boy who is the sole heir of Songrim
worried that much about Jinyowon
in a critical time like this?
While that does concern me…
this matter also seems to be connected
to Songrim.
[ominous music playing]
They said it was a Songrim mage
who started all of this, sir.
A Songrim mage? Who?
Uk's father,
the Gwanju who's been missing.
[tense music playing]
[Sun] As per the request
of Songrim's leader,
all mages except for those of Cheonbugwan
and Jinyowon have been sent out.
Tell me what is it you have to say?
For some time now, there was someone
the Crown Prince has been looking for.
Park Dang-gu of Jeongjingak,
and Jin Cho-yeon of Jinyowon
have found that person.
Someone the Crown Prince
has been looking for?
Who is that person?
That person is here in this place.
[mage] I hear a stone was thrown over
that said they cannot use spells
inside the ice stone?
Is it stealing all of their energy?
It is the power for the alchemy of souls.
Just as it can steal a person's soul,
it seems it can steal their energy too.
Then, what is going to become
of our children in there?
All you mages wanted to watch
someone die just to witness that power.
Are you finally a little afraid?
The power of the ice stone
cannot be borne by a human being.
That is why Songrim said it be destroyed.
Then Songrim should try to do something.
My son is in there.
And my granddaughter is in there.
Do you think I would be standing here
if I knew what to do?
This problem arose
because we were fighting over
the power of the skies.
Just like the Great Chaos 200 years ago,
I am afraid that many people
will die again.
Seo Gyeong…
Master Seo Gyeong destroyed
the ice stones, did he not?
Is there nothing else he left behind,
maybe the Words of the Heart?
Besides the Words of the Heart,
there is nothing else he left behind.
We are the ones who brought this power,
so one of us has to deal with it.
[Heo Yeom]
Just as Master Seo Gyeong did long ago.
[Go Won] You plan to make it rain
to take away the ice stone's power?
I cannot be certain
whether the rain will fall, or whether
the rain will make the barrier disappear.
One thing is clear though.
If you use Tansu in here,
Jang Uk,
you will lose all of your power at once.
I'm aware of that.
You know, and yet you'll still do it?
Well, it is not as if
you are really that skilled,
but you will still lose everything
you worked for in a single moment.
Can you bear that burden?
I will bear that burden,
so I ask you to bear another,
Your Royal Highness.
If the ice stone does disappear,
I ask that you bear every consequence
that happens afterward.
You may face resentment
from those who sought that power.
Some people may also suspect you
of hiding it somewhere.
So if the ice stone disappears,
you are telling me to let others think
that I did it, not you,
and deal with the aftermath?
You are telling me to take credit
for something that you have done?
I'm asking you to take care
of the resulting fallout
that I will cause.
[pensive music playing]
Jang Uk.
You might not just lose your powers,
you may even lose your life.
Stop bluffing. That's enough.
The master I serve right now
always drove me to the very edge
of the cliff and told me this.
If you're not going to do anything,
you may as well just die.
With the spirit
instead of being full of it,
I'm going to do just that.
Just as my master taught me to.
You have a master? Who?
Who is that? Is it that Master Lee Cheol?
[Mu-deok] Young Master.
I have brought your sword.
Filthy Mu-deok.
Are you not you going to stop
your young master
when he's gonna do something so reckless?
If you are not going to do anything,
then you might as well just die.
[pensive music playing]
Young Master.
Do what you must do.
And please…
succeed no matter what.
[sighs]
The one I will bring here
looks so pitiable that it may be hard
for you to look at.
[Jin] It is said that 20 years ago,
this person suffered severe burns
while evading a Cheonbugwan raid.
[thrilling music playing]
This person was a shaman who practiced
curse divinations.
A shaman?
[Jin] This person has been kept
in a jail-like room near an apothecary
in Gaema Village
like a beast for a very long time.
What reason could someone have to do
such a cruel thing?
It's exactly to uncover that reason
that I asked you to have this meeting,
Your Royal Majesty.
Everyone in this room
is closely related to Shaman Choi
whom I will call forth right now.
-Everyone in this room is--
-[queen] Your Majesty.
Now is not the time to pay mind
to such matters.
You can deal with this once the problem
with the ice stone has been resolved
and the Crown Prince has returned.
Leader of Songrim,
summon that shaman right now.
[breathes shakily]
Come forth.
[suspenseful music playing]
[suspenseful music continues playing]
[dark music playing]
Shaman Choi, reveal your face to us.
[suspenseful music playing]
Your Majesty.
[cries]
I did not think I would live
to see you again.
Do you say you know me?
I am your queen, Your Majesty.
The Queen of Daeho,
Seo Ha-seon, Your Highness.
[queen] Shut your mouth.
How dare you speak my name
with that lowly tongue?
I am the Queen of Daeho.
-You witch.
-[gasps]
Was it not you who did this to me?
You, a foul, lowly shaman,
used the wicked alchemy of souls
to switch our souls
and how dare…
you watched me from up there
occupying my body.
What utterly absurd nonsense.
What are you doing, Jin Mu?
Shut this madwoman's mouth immediately.
[Jin] Let us first confirm
whether her words
are really nonsense or not.
Very well then.
As she is insisting that Her Highness
has somehow shifted her soul,
let's check the Queen for a blue mark.
[tense music playing]
If you suspect me,
you may check all you like.
Will you be satisfied if I reveal
my shoulders to you right here?
It is more than possible
to remove the blue mark entirely.
Then we have no way to prove
what she is saying.
We have the relic Gwigu.
[tense music playing]
In my hand,
I have the ashes of Gwigu, whose corpse
was burned not too long ago.
These remnants of the relic, Gwigu…
will be enough.
[gasps]
No. No.
That…
was merely…
the ashes that I took
from a brazier.
[intense music playing]
You, yourself, have proved the fact
that you are a soul shifter.
[tense music playing]
[Jin] Take that Shaman Choi immediately,
as she has used the wicked divination
alchemy of souls to possess
Her Highness's body.
-[mages] Yes, my lord.
-[knife clinks]
No! No.
Do not touch her. That is my body.
Do not ruin the body
that I'll need to return to.
[queen] Stay back.
Or else, I swear
that I will rip this body to shreds.
That woman is the descendant
of the Choi family, who caused
the Great Chaos 200 years ago.
The Soul Ejectors that have been used
to create soul shifters
were surely made by her hand as well.
That wicked sorceress
brought forth the ice stone at a meeting
of the Unanimous Assembly
and has made a mockery…
of every mage in Daeho.
The royal family, Cheonbugwan,
and Jinyowon,
we have all been
fooled by this brother and sister
of the Choi family.
Brother and sister?
[thrilling music playing]
Then, is it true?
Do you mean you are related
to this shaman?
Are you of the Choi family?
I am.
[gasps]
I am sorry.
The girl they presented as Jin Bu-yeon
is also an impostor…
that they created.
Their plan was to shift into the body
of the future leader of Jinyowon.
[tense music playing]
[gasps]
[Jin] Shaman Choi, put down the knife,
and calmly return
Her Highness's body to her immediately.
Do so,
and I will spare the life
of your younger brother,
Jin U-tak.
[queen] You dare call me "wicked"?
Do you really think
that any of you here have the right
to call me wicked?
Shall I tell you
how I was able to steal the body
of that precious Queen?
She was tempted
by the promise of a younger,
more beautiful body
using the alchemy of souls
and gladly gave over her body.
Jin Ho-gyeong!
Was it not you who brought the ice stone
out into the world?
The leader of Jinyowon,
who should be protecting its relics,
removed the ice stone
from Jinyowon with her own hands
to be used for the alchemy of souls.
And the one who used it
to practice the alchemy of souls…
was one of the mages of Songrim.
Park Jin.
You knew everything
and decided to hide it.
You're so hypocritical, acting as though
you would capture and kill all sorcerers,
when really, you were just busy
concealing all of their crimes, right?
And you, Jin Mu.
Why do you simply stand there
doing nothing?
According to the logic and rules
of a world built by such people,
am I the only one who's wicked?
To make logic and rules,
you must possess power.
But you have lost that power,
so you are as they said "wicked."
As I expected, Jin Mu,
you truly are a coward who runs away
with his tail between his legs.
Hand over your remaining Soul Ejector.
I will use it to return
Her Highness's body
and let you die
without becoming petrified.
This is the only way you can save
your beloved younger brother.
[U-tak] Sister.
Use the Soul Ejector and run away.
I am sorry that this is all I can do…
for you in the end.
[grunts]
-[screams] Father.
-[gasps]
-[Cho-yeon] Father.
-[grunts]
[Cho-yeon sobs]
Father.
[Cho-yeon crying]
[Cho-yeon] Father.
[sobbing]
[dramatic music playing]
[cackling]
According to your logic and rules,
I shall get rid of that wicked
ice stone for you.
In exchange,
when the ice stone disappears,
everyone inside the barrier
will die along with it.
[rumbling]
[sword clinks]
[screaming]
[thrilling music playing]
[sword clinks]
[thunder rumbles]
[loud rumbling]
[mage 1] What is that?
[all clamoring]
[loud rumbling]
[epic music playing]
[pants]
Jang Gang?
[mage 2] Did he say Jang Gang?
The Gwanju of Cheonbugwan, Jang Gang.
Uh. Are you not Jang Gang? Hmm?
What are you d-doing over here?
[shaky breathing]
[Heo Yeom] Oh.
[Gang panting]
A soul shifter.
The energy of the Soul Ejector
has vanished.
Someone has blocked its power.
My Lord, Gwanju Jang Gang is here.
[tense music playing]
[Jin] Jang Gang.
Did you block the Soul Ejector's energy…
with your body just now?
[somber music playing]
[Heo Yeom] Jin. Keep your distance.
Jang Gang is a soul shifter
and has run wild.
Look.
His whole body is turning to stone.
[Gang] You are right.
I have become a soul shifter by using
the forbidden alchemy of souls
and have run wild.
[gasps]
Is the Gwanju of Cheonbugwan
confessing to having used sorcery?
I'm here because Master Lee Cheol,
a direct disciple of Master Seo Gyeong,
told me to go to the Unanimous Assembly
and confess all of my sins
in the presence of everyone here.
[Master Lee] If you still possess
the energy to read this letter,
expend what energy you have left
for the sake of those
who have borne hardships in your stead.
It is a chance to finish what you started,
so if you do this, a star will rise
and the stone will fall.
[Gang] I am responsible…
for every fault involving Songrim,
Jinyowon, and Cheonbugwan.
Bringing forth the ice stone
in the first place,
using it to start performing sorcery,
and concealing the fact
that these are all my wrongdoings.
So I'll petrify right here
to atone for what I've done.
So all of this started with you,
Gwanju Jang Gang,
and since you will take the responsibility
I will permit it.
Now bear witness
to my most miserable death
caused by sorcery.
Even if he is a soul shifter,
he cannot die right now in this state.
His son, Jang Uk, is inside Jeongjingak.
[Heo Yeom]
Please, wait until Uk comes out.
Doesn't your son deserve
to see his father's end?
That young man is not my son.
[Gang] Do you not know
I blocked his gate of energy
to prevent him from succeeding
my bloodline?
Don't treat him as a sinner…
when he has already been born
out of bad luck.
[breathing heavily]
[tense music playing]
[tense music continues playing]
[grunting]
[melancholy music playing]
[gasps]
[ominous music playing]
[Jang Uk] Where am I?
What happened? Am I dead?
As I expected,
I have lost all of my powers.
Is this the ice stone?
Has it fallen into my hands
now that I'm empty and useless?
It is just nothing…
but a mere stone to me now.
[mage] It is the King's Star.
The King's Star has appeared.
[epic music playing]
[epic music continues playing]
The King's Star has appeared
and the barrier around Jeongjingak
is gone, sir.
[mage 1] The ice stone has vanished,
and the King's Star
has appeared in the sky.
[mage 2] The King's Star also appeared
200 years ago
when Master Seo Gyeong
ended the Great Chaos.
[mage 1] Then that means someone
among inside Jeongjingak
has the same destiny as Master Seo Gyeong.
[epic music playing]
[mage 1] It is the King's Star.
It is the King's Star!
[mage 2] His Royal Highness,
the Crown Prince is the new King's Star.
[mages] Your Royal Highness.
[Jin] The one born under the King's Star
is Jang Uk.
Is he the one
who got rid of the ice stone?
[Mu-deok]
So my pupil has lost all his energy.
[Jang Uk] You have also gone back
to being just Mu-deok, Master.
But that is all right though.
Because we are together.
[gentle music playing]
[melancholy music playing]
[mage 1] I heard they're holding
the wedding at Songrim.
[mage 2] Well, the groom is from Songrim,
so of course, they should hold it there.
I am against the marriage.
Those two, getting married?
It is just not right.
I've seen the two of them side by side.
I think they look rather good together.
Have you gone blind?
The groom is way too good for her.
[mage 2]
Hey, there's nothing wrong with my eyes.
The way I see it, the bride is the one
who's too good for him.
Gosh, the whole fortress was abuzz
with talk of the appearance
of the King's Star,
but now, interest has moved on
to those two getting married.
[chuckles softly]
That is why the leader pushed
to get those two married so quickly.
The two of them getting married…
I never thought I would see the day.
[Mu-deok] Young Master Seo.
I heard that you have not eaten.
[Seo Yul] I will worry about my own meals.
[Mu-deok] Shall I make you
noodle soup or something?
You need to eat to take your medicine.
They said I do not need to take
that bitter medicine anymore so just stop.
You said you will be going
to Seoho Fortress soon.
It is a long journey,
so you have to-- Ugh.
[sighs]
My wound has healed.
And my energy is back.
They said they heard you groaning
all night long.
You are lying, right?
[exhales deeply]
It does not hurt that much.
You are very bad at lying,
Young Master Yul.
You're like clear water
that takes a bit of salt to make it salty,
a pinch of sugar to make it sweet.
You are so easy to see through.
It must have been very difficult for you.
I am sorry.
And thank you so much…
for protecting me.
[Jang Uk] And Yul has also
been protecting you all this time.
Yul knows who you are.
He knew you were a soul shifter,
and that you were the assassin, Naksu,
but he's been trying hard
not to let it show.
To protect you,
who he met in Danhyanggok
when he was young.
[Mu-deok] You said
this belonged to your friend
that you met in Danhyanggok.
Yes.
I had planned to bring her
when I went back to Seoho Fortress.
Because she is someone
who nobody can know exists.
I was planning to take her away
and hide her.
And I promised that
I would help you
to take that person along with you.
However,
she only exists in distant memories
and is no longer in this world.
I wondered if burning this object
that is full of memories
would be a way to help you,
but you said you liked all your memories
of Danhyanggok.
Take it with you.
Let me just feel three breaths…
to see if the wound is healing well.
["Just Watching You"
by Jeong Sewoon playing]
During these three deep breaths,
let us say the final farewell
we were never able to.
["Just Watching You" continues playing]
I liked all the memories we shared…
in Danhyanggok as well.
Thank you.
["Just Watching You" continues playing]
Fortunately, your wound is healing well.
Still though,
no matter how bitter it is,
you must keep taking your medicine.
All right.
No matter how bitter, I will swallow it.
It will heal well this time.
Because your father took responsibility
for everything in the end
and offered up his own life,
Songrim and Jinyowon
were not held responsible.
And him saying you were not his son…
was also probably to keep you
from… inheriting his sins.
Do not worry.
I made my peace
with not being his son a long time ago.
Can you recognize your father's face?
You have never really met him, have you?
I did meet him once though.
He probably…
recognized me that day.
[Jang Uk] It seems that…
you must already know who I am.
[Gang] With the sword
of the Gwanju of Cheonbugwan,
you must be his son.
[Jin] I present the sword and robes
that were bestowed upon Jang Gang,
the former Gwanju of Cheonbugwan,
who died as a result of sorcery.
Please make your decree
for what should be done with them.
You will keep them at Songrim.
Have you located the missing
Assistant Gwanju, Jin Mu?
We are on his trail.
We are certain that he has been unable
to leave the capital.
He may have left in a different body.
If he shifted his soul,
as it was done to me,
would you recognize him?
You've all been fooled for so long,
have you not?
[coughs]
[Heo Yeom] Your Highness.
At Sejukwon, we were able to save
Master Kang of Daegangtongun
who had run wild and petrified.
Even if the body Your Highness shifted
into should run wild,
there is a way to treat you.
Even so,
I'll still be trapped in this awful body
for the rest of my life.
[queen breathes heavily]
How can you spare Jang Uk,
the son of that detestable Jang Gang
who did this to me?
[Jin] Jang Gang…
took responsibility for this
with his life,
and Jang Uk, the eldest son of Jang Gang,
has also been stripped of his right
to succeed him as Cheonbugwan's Gwanju.
They have paid for their sins
by losing everything they have.
As he died, Jang Gang
said the boy was not his blood.
We can't punish Jang Uk for this.
So, Jang Gang never revealed
who Jang Uk's father was even in the end.
Lord Jang Gang asked me
to present this box to you.
He said that it was an item
that could prove
who the young master's real father is.
[breathes deeply]
[suspenseful music playing]
So you…
know now, too, Maidservant Kim.
I cannot believe it.
Did Lady Do-hwa
give birth to the child of the late king?
Uk was born to the late King
who shifted his own soul to Jang Gang.
He performed the alchemy of souls…
to temporarily swap their souls.
So Jang Gang really
twisted the fate of his own son, Jang Uk.
If the young master knows…
[sobs]
I won't let him know.
I'll make sure that no one else,
ever finds out about it.
They say that the King's Star
which appeared the night
you made the ice stone disappear
has been engraved on a plaque
here in Cheonbugwan.
Everybody is truly overjoyed
that a king with the King's Star
has emerged.
[Eunuch Oh] Would you like to see it?
No, it's fine.
Has the Assistant Gwanju…
really shifted his soul and fled?
[foreboding music playing]
Have you been hiding inside Cheonbugwan?
I've been waiting for an opportunity
to meet with you, sire.
[Go Won sighs]
So that you can beg me to spare you?
You are the only one
who can save me now, sire.
But the only one who can protect you
is me, your master.
What is there for you
to protect me from now?
I shall protect you from the owner
of the fated King's Star.
-The owner of the King's Star?
-You also know
that it does not belong to you, right?
The one who shall outshine your light.
That is the one who everyone
shall worship instead of you.
The one who will bring you to your end.
The owner of the King's Star
who must not appear
beside Your Royal Highness
is in fact, Jang Uk.
I, Jin Mu, shall be sure to extinguish
that ominous light for Your Highness.
[suspenseful music playing]
So the thing that I desired…
belonged to Jang Uk.
[tranquil music playing]
[Ju-wol gasps]
Gorgeous. You look lovely.
So beautiful.
-Oh…
-[Ju-wol clicks tongue, chuckles]
Close your mouth.
Time to take it off.
But why did you ask me
to try this on though?
What is the bride doing though?
She could not make the appointment
because her father
is in critical condition.
So I'm having you try the dress on
since you have a similar build.
[Ju-wol] Go change.
Oh…
What are you doing?
Get out so she can change.
-[man] She is a goddess
-[Ju-wol] Stop gawking, let us go.
A goddess.
[both chuckle]
Do I…
look that pretty?
-Oh, excuse me.
-Mm?
Mu-deok is here, right? Where is she?
Oh, Mu-deok is…
[chuckles]
She is in the room up there.
-Go ahead.
-Thanks.
[quirky music playing]
[chuckles]
[Mu-deok humming]
Wow.
I heard there was a bride
getting married soon.
So it was you?
It is not.
Ah, now that I look closer,
I see it's my master.
[Jang Uk] I told you to wait at Sejukwon
because I had something to tell you.
-What are you doing here?
-I came to get wine for Heo Yeom,
and Ju-wol asked me to try this on.
I'm going to change,
so go outside and wait.
No. No, no.
We can just do it here.
We first met here, after all.
[quirky music playing]
[stutters]
What? Do what though?
Hmm…
it's about a very important ceremony.
Yes. First of all, let's sit here.
What are you doing, Jang Uk?
You don't have to do this.
Gosh, you're embarrassing me right now.
Just stop it.
[Jang Uk chuckles softly]
It's embarrassing the first time,
but by the 13th time, it is easy.
What?
You proposed 13 times already?
[chuckles]
Master.
Your pupil will end his training
as of today.
[gentle music playing]
Thank you for pushing your useless pupil
off the edge of the cliff
so that he was able to reach this point.
Although…
you gave up your opportunity
to regain your power
and your pupil
gave up all the energy he gathered,
I've gained a precious person
to keep by my side for a lifetime.
[gentle music continues playing]
Instead of using and tossing her aside,
I'd like to protect and cherish her.
So permit me to end my training.
Your master, Mu-deok,
permits her pupil, Jang Uk,
to end his training.
[sighs] All right. So now, then.
Marry your young master, Mu-deok.
["Breath" by Kim Na Young playing]
[chuckles softly]
["Breath" continues playing]
[all cheering]
Yes. I've decided I'm going
to get married to him.
-What other woman do you have around you?
-This all belongs to Mu-deok.
[maid Kim] That cannot be.
[Jin Mu] I will find the sword for you
that can destroy Jang Uk's light.
We have to find him
and kill him immediately.
Are you saying that they all deceived me
and have been mocking me this whole time?
[Jin Mu]
They are hiding it to protect him.
An assassin has appeared in Sejukwon.
[Master Lee] It seems the original owner
of Mu-deok's body
used to have a great amount
of divine powers.
-[Jin Mu] Naksu.
-[bell dinging]
You have given me a way to live.